My Profile
Hi, I am Phil Medlin, a student at RMIT. 
My student id: s3779497; email: s3779497@student.rmit.edu.au . I have been caring for my sister who has PTSD. In order to be better prepared for such a task, I have been completing a Bachelor of Psychological Science. As part of my research, I am studying at RMIT to have a better understanding of Information Technology security. Such security is essential if I am to protect my sister effectively.
On the Myers-Briggs test, I was found to be Extraverted, Sensing, Feeling, Judging (ESFJ). According to this result, I am invigorated by time spent with others (Extraverted); I focus on facts and details rather than ideas and concepts (Sensing); I make decisions based on feelings and values (Feeling); I prefer to be planned and organized rather than spontaneous and flexible (Judging). It has been discovered that ESFJs are sometimes referred to as ‘Provider’ personalities because of their interest in taking care of others in practical ways (Myers & Briggs, 1975).
 
https://introvertdear.com/news/cartoons-introvert-infj-infjoe/ 
In the Chegg-type-of-learner-quiz, I was found to be a visual learner. Hence, I learn best by having information presented in observable ways. I like to picture concepts in my head and see what I am learning. I need quiet study spaces and to take detailed notes (Bastian, 2019).
My Big Five Personality Dimensions examination indicated the following: Extraversion - 75th percentile – high; Agreeableness - 90th percentile - very high; Conscientiousness - 77th percentile - very high; Neuroticism - 11th percentile - very low; Openness - 68th percentile – high. The following facets were also mentioned as part of my personality. I prefer high levels of activity, such as being on the go and staying busy. There is an average chance that I would take charge and lead others. I have a very strong desire to be around other people and show an interest in their lives. I am modest in the sense that I don't like to brag or show off (Goldberg, 1999).  
While I stick to the rules, I try to treat everyone fairly. I feel deep compassion for those in need. I believe that other people are generally good and trustworthy. I consider that I have an average ability to get jobs done and do them well and I have been told that I am very self-disciplined. I have also been informed that I appear very high in emotional self-control. I have great love of art and culture. I tend to be progressive rather than conservative in my views (Goldberg, 1999).
These results are significant to me, since they reassure me that I tend relate positively with people. Although I am influenced by the Australian ‘tall poppy syndrome’ (Peeters, 2015), I seem to apply this to myself rather than others. My tendency is to respect others and their achievements. In a team, I try to encourage esteem, empathy and trust towards each other. Since positive workplaces are more productive (Seppälä & Cameron, 2015) and happier (Preston, 2017), there is much I can contribute constructively within a team. 

 
https://safetyrisk.net/safety-cartoons-free/


